# Cellbow
Here are Cellbow's ImageJ plugin and a python source code.

Using microscope to study cells growing and dividing is one of the common tasks in a biological lab. However, having taken the pictures of the cells is only half way through. A challenging and often time-consuming work is to recognize, label and track each individual cell from the raw image. These images usually vary greatly in their features and qualities depending on the focal field, experimental conditions, cell types, different labs, etc. Current methods are very limited to solve these generic problems. Here we employed a machine learning method to develop a robust software that is automated, flexible and customizable for this task. 

Cell segmentation is challenging because different labs meet different problems. Current segmentation methods relying on single boundary features are hardly shared between labs, or even shared within the same lab. In this issue, Ren et al. propose a customizable and generalizable cell segmentation program - Cellbow. Cellbow is a neural-network-based algorithm. Its structure is fixed, whereas the parameters are flexible-it can be automatically trained from the training dataset. It broadly segments fluorescent images of diverse cell types with no further training needed, and overcomes the inhomogeneous foci in budding and fission yeast cells imaging. Through a web-page application or an ImageJ plugin, Cellbow offers laboratories, whose interests are mainly in quantitative study of cell cycle, an industrial solution to collect evolutive information. For details please refer to the article by Ren et al. in pp. xx-xx. and visit our website http://cls.pku.edu.cn:808/online/home/.

# Cellbow - python code

This is the python sorece code of Cellbow. User can use this file to process large dataset. And training their own Cellbow. Compared with the website or Imagej plugin version, the python version has the advantage of faster processing speed, both prediction and training. The dis advantage is user need to install python and tensorflow before use it. It the user get satisfactory results from the website or imagej plugin, we recommend the user to use this python code for large dataset image processing.
